That's enough.
You're right.
You bought this land.
What you want to do with it is really your business.
But this is an opportunity to grow the company.
You left your opponent in vain.
This ability has no way of managing the company.
Well, the president's just for you.
It's basically unqualified.
What do you think?
The young lady and the young lady make sense.
You can do things like that.
I feel this CEO position.
You're not a good fit either.
Agree, agree.
I'd like to share that billion dollars with everyone.
So if people don't support me as CEO...
Then forget it.
No one says they don't support you.
I'm with you.
I also support Master Qin.
You, if you do not support Master Qin, are my enemies.
Master Qin, I was joking just now.
You're so smart.
The whole company.
No one can compare with you as the director general.
Young master, I say it is the truth.
The great young master who has just entered the company has earned the company 1 billion dong, and you have not earned a penny in the company for so long.
What did you take from the young man?